Appclip update (#4855)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/index.md

`trackApplicationLifecycleEvents`| The default is set to `true`. <br> This automatically tracks lifecycle events. Set to `false` to stop tracking lifecycle events.
`trackDeepLinks` | The default is set to `true`. <br> This automatically track deep links. Set to `false` to stop tracking Deep Links.

> info "AppClip Tracking"

> > If you are tracking App Clips using iOS or Swift libraries, there is a chance that you may encounter zeros in your device ID. Segment recommends that you set your own device ID in this instance to avoid running into this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are tracking App Clips using iOS or Swift libraries, you may encounter zeros in your device ID. Segment recommends that you set your own device ID in these instances to avoid this issue.
```
